# Ourglass

Ourglass is a web application created to make the process of creating and attending public workshops and classes easier. Ourglass is a web application that utilises HTML, CSS, JavaScript and Python, as well as utilising the Django and Bootstrap frameworks.

## Changes and Considerations whilst the project was underway

- Originally each model's id was named something unique, such as event_id, user_id, etc. This was changed to just "id" for each model as this is generated by default in Django. Common use practices with Django indicate that using the "model_id" format is typically reserved for foreign keys.

- The Comment model was scrapped due to a lack of uniqueness. While the functionality of leaving comments on an event is useful, this is essentially the purpose of the Review model, which demonstrates more unique properties. 

- The current_attendees variable for the event model is now dynamically defined using an @property decorator in the Event model. This is then subsequently validated in the BookingForm.

- Initial user stories did not include delete functionality for Events, Bookings, or Reviews. This was added in later.

## Potential Future Improvements

- Google Maps, or similar Map API implementation on the event page to show users better details on where the events are.

- Ratings data aggregation on the user profile pages, as well as fleshing out the user profile page more so that it's easier to see how many ratings an event organiser has, the average of their ratings, etc.

- Implementation of a proper user-to-user messaging system, as opposed to the defunct Comment model. This would allow users to message event organisers directly for any questions they might have.

## Credits

## Tools

- [RealFaviconGenerator](https://realfavicongenerator.net/) - Resizing images for use in the Favicon for the site.

## Frameworks

## Visual Assets

- [Unsplash](https://unsplash.com/) - Royalty Free stock photographs used in Wireframes for Personas and in Event Images
- [SVG Repo](https://www.svgrepo.com/svg/527141/hourglass) - Royalty Free SVG that serves as the basis of the favicon
